java cBU.510.650 Data Analytics Group Project Assignment 
1          Group Project Each   group   contains x students.    Each   group   identifies   a   problem   of   interest   and   collects   relevant   data.    The   collected   data   set   should   contain   at   least 500 observations   and 6 variables.    The   task   is   to   develop   a   series   of research   hypotheses   based   on   theory   or   past   empirical   evidences   and   then   apply   some   of the   techniques   covered   in   class   (or   not   covered)   on   such   data   for   testing.
2 Data Sets 
Students   are   encouraged   to   collect   data   by   themselves.   Students   can   collect   data   from   any   sources   such   as   the   following,   but   not   limit   to,
(1)   UCI   Machine   Learning   Repository: http://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets.html 
(2)   Kaggle: https://www.kaggle.com/datasets 
(3)   World Bank: http://data.worldbank.org/ 
(4)   U.S. open government   data: http://www.data.gov/ 
(5)   US   Census   Bureau: http://www.census.gov/main/www/access.html 
(6)      Data   from   your   work
(7)    Or   others
3 Analysis and Report Students   should work   closely   in   a group on   data   collection,   data   analysis   and result   interpretation,   report   writing,   etc.    In   the   project   report,   students   are   supposed   to   describe   the   results   and   con-   clusion   of their   analysis.    Keep   in   mind   that   plots,   tables   and   other   visual   representations   of data   are   useful   in   conveying   your   conclusions.   In   addition,   you   may   want   to   include   the   following   parts in   your   reports.
(1) Questions/Hypotheses. Write   one   or   multiple   questions   or   hypotheses   you   want   to   explore   with   the   data   sets.    After   each   question,   state   your   expected   answers,   which   may   be   different   from   your   data   analysis   because   you   have   not   yet   analyzed   the   data.
(2) Data Description. Describe   the   data   sets.   What   is   the   data, e.g.,   variables   and   results?    How was   the   data   collected?   Briefly   summarize   the   data.   Provide   the   URL   link   if available.
(3) Methodologies. Write   a   complete,   clear   description   of   the   analysis   you   performed.       This should   be   sufficient   for   someone   else   to   write   an   R   program   to   reproduce   your   results.       It   should   also   likely   be   helpful   to   people   who   read   your   code   later.    This   section   should   tie   your computations   to   your   questions/hypotheses,   indicating   exactly   what   results   would   lead   you   to   what   conclusion.      You   may   want   to   provide   the   key   statistics,   e.g.,   t-statistic,   z-statistic,   p-values,   R2    and   the   adjusted   R2,   etc.
(4) Results and Conclusion. Discuss   your   results.    Focus   in   particular   on   the   results   that   are most   interesting,   surprisi代 写BU.510.650 Data AnalyticsHaskell
代做程序编程语言ng,   or   important.   Discuss   the   consequences   or   implications.    Interpret the   results:    if   the   answers   are   unexpected,   then   see   whether   you   can   find   an   explanation   for   them,   such   as   an   external   factor   that   your   analysis   did   not   account   for.   You   may   also   want   to make   prediction   for   new   scenarios.
(5) Appendix. Put   plots,   tables,   technical   details   or   other   results   in   appendix   if necessary.   This   part   is   optional.
You   may   want   to   have   a   title   for   your   project   report.       At      the   beginning,    use      one      sentence      to summarize    each   group    member’s    contribution.
4          Present Presentation and Competition All   group   members   are   encouraged   to   present   their   projects   in   class.      The   presentation   for   each   group   should   be   no   longer   than 10 minutes.    It   is   encouraged   to   use   slides   (e.g.,   MS   PowerPoint,   etc).       The      slide   deck   should   summarize   the   main   points   of   your   project,    including   motivation,   research   questions,   and   results.During   the   presentations,   all   students   from   not-presenting   groups,   including   the   instructor   and   perhaps   teaching   assistants,   should   actively   ask   questions,   which   is   considered   part   of class   partic-   ipation.    Each   member   of the   presenting   group,   not   only   the   presenters,   can   answer   the   questions   or   give   comments.All   students   evaluate   other   groups’   presentation.    The   evaluation   link   will   be   sent   out   before   the   presentation   starts.       The      peer   evaluations   will   be   used   to   choose   winning   team   for   the   project competition.   More   details   will   be   shared   later.
5 Project Submission Each   group   submits   only   once.   Your   submission   should   include   a   project   report,   data   set,   R   script. and   the   slides.      It   is   suggested   that   the   project   reports   should   be   6   –   10   pages   (1.5   space)   long,   excluding   appendix.
6 Important Dates 
(1) 11:59pm of Two Days after Class Day of Session 6: Each   team   should   submit   a   short paragraph   via   Course   Website   that   briefly   describes   the   collected   data   sets.   You   may   want   to   include   a   URL   link   if available.
(2) 11:59pm Before Class Day of Session 7: Please   submit   your   project   via   Course   Website including   everything,   e.g.,   report   and   presentation   slides,   data   sets   and   R   scripts.   If   your   data set   is   too   big   or   sensitive,   a   sample   subset   should   be   fine.    (For   example,   if you   have   Session   8   class   on   December   22,   this   part   is   due   at   11:59pm   December   21.)
(3) Class Day of Session 7: In-Class   Project   Presentation   and    Competition.

         
加QQ：99515681  WX：codinghelp  Email: 99515681@qq.com
